Add notes about relations between processes (#685)
JuliaSmoothOptimizers/Krylov.jl: docs/src/processes.md

Related methods: [`LNLQ`](@ref lnlq), [`CRAIG`](@ref craig), [`CRAIGMR`](@ref craigmr), [`LSLQ`](@ref lslq), [`LSQR`](@ref lsqr) and [`LSMR`](@ref lsmr).

!!! note

>     The Golub-Kahan process coincides with the Hermitian Lanczos process applied on the normal equations $A^HA = A^Hb$ and $AA^H = b$.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The Golub-Kahan process coincides with the Hermitian Lanczos process applied to the normal equations $A^HA x = A^Hb$ and $AA^H x = b$.
```

>     It is also equivalent to the Hermitian Lanczos process applied on $\begin{bmatrix} 0 & A \\ A^H & 0 \end{bmatrix}$ with the initial vector $\begin{bmatrix} b \\ 0 \end{bmatrix}$.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    It is also related to the Hermitian Lanczos process applied to $\begin{bmatrix} 0 & A \\ A^H & 0 \end{bmatrix}$ with initial vector $\begin{bmatrix} b \\ 0 \end{bmatrix}$.
```

saunders_simon_yip
```

!!! note

>     The Saunders-Simon-Yip is equivalent to the block-Lanczos process applied on $\begin{bmatrix} 0 & A \\ A^H & 0 \end{bmatrix}$ with the initial matrix $\begin{bmatrix} b & 0 \\ 0 & c \end{bmatrix}$.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The Saunders-Simon-Yip is equivalent to the block-Lanczos process applied to $\begin{bmatrix} 0 & A \\ A^H & 0 \end{bmatrix}$ with initial matrix $\begin{bmatrix} b & 0 \\ 0 & c \end{bmatrix}$.
```

Related methods: [`GPMR`](@ref gpmr).

!!! note

>     The Montoison-Orban is equivalent to the block-Arnoldi process applied on $\begin{bmatrix} 0 & A \\ B & 0 \end{bmatrix}$ with the initial matrix $\begin{bmatrix} b & 0 \\ 0 & c \end{bmatrix}$.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The Montoison-Orban is equivalent to the block-Arnoldi process applied to $\begin{bmatrix} 0 & A \\ B & 0 \end{bmatrix}$ with initial matrix $\begin{bmatrix} b & 0 \\ 0 & c \end{bmatrix}$.
```
